---
slug: /devices/a72q
pagination_next: null
pagination_prev: null
title: "Samsung Galaxy A72 4G (a72q)"
---

# Samsung Galaxy A72 4G (a72q)

:::info

## Device Information

- **Device:** Samsung Galaxy A72 4G
- **Release Date:** March 17, 2021
- **Chipset:** 	Qualcomm SM7125 Snapdragon 720G
- **RAM:** 6GB / 8GB
- **Storage:** 128GB / 256GB
- **Battery:** 5000 mAh
- **Display:** 6.7 inches, Super AMOLED, 90hz, 1080x2400 pixels
- **Rear Camera:** 64 MP (main) + 12 MP (ultrawide) + 8 MP (telephoto) + 5 MP (macro)
- **Front Camera:** 32 MP (wide)
- **Halcyon Version:** Bloom
- **Maintainer:** frostg012
:::

<a href="https://get.hlcyn.org/builds/a72q/" class="button button--primary">Get builds</a>

## Installation Guide

:::caution
Make sure to backup your data before proceeding.
:::

### Fastboot package installation

If you want to install using the Fastboot package, the complete installation guide is available [here](/fastboot-package). Otherwise, you can follow the instructions below to flash via recovery using ADB sideload.

### Installing Recovery

1. Pack the recovery image into a tar archive (using 7-Zip on Windows or the `tar` utility on Linux).
2. Connect your device to your PC via USB while holding `Vol Up + Vol Down`. This will get you to download mode.
3. Verify that your PC detects the device. Windows version of Odin has a graphical interface to show that. On Linux, this can be done with `odin4 -l`.
4. Flash the archive you just created onto your device using the AP slot. Hold `Power + Vol Up` as soon as the device reboots to enter recovery.

### Installing ROM

1. Download the latest release of Halcyon.
2. Reboot into recovery mode.
3. Perform a Format data.
4. Return to the main menu.
5. Select Apply update > Apply from ADB.
6. Now you can start sideloading by this command:
```
adb sideload ota-halcyon_a72q-xxxxx.zip
```

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter any issues during or after the installation, feel free to ask to our chat group for solutions to common problems.