---
slug: /devices/m34x
pagination_next: null
pagination_prev: null
title: "Samsung Galaxy M34 5G / Galaxy F34 (m34x)"
---

# Samsung Galaxy M34 5G / Galaxy F34 (m34x)

:::info

## Device Information

- **Device:** Samsung Galaxy M34 5G / Galaxy F34 (m34x)
- **Release Date:** 2023, July 15 (M34) / 2023, August 12 (F34)
- **Chipset:** Exynos 1280
- **RAM:** 6GB / 8GB
- **Storage:** 128GB
- **Battery:** 6000 mAh
- **Display:** 6.5 inches, AMOLED, 120Hz, 1080x2340 pixels
- **Rear Camera:** 50MP (wide), 8MP (ultrawide), 2MP
- **Front Camera:** 13 MP (wide)
- **Halcyon Version:** Bloom
- **Maintainer:** [Bahar KURT](https://github.com/kurtbahartr)
  :::

<a href="https://get.hlcyn.co/builds/m34x/" class="button button--primary">Get builds</a>

## Installation Guide

:::caution
Before proceeding, please remove all lockscreen security (PIN, password, pattern, and fingerprint) and ensure you have backed up your data. Keeping any lockscreen credentials active while switching ROMs can cause the partition responsible for FRP to get corrupted, which in turn locks you out once you move back to One UI. In such a case, bypassing it might be illegal in your country/region. We are not responsible for any malfunction resulting from not following these steps.
:::

### Installing Recovery

1. Pack the recovery image into a tar archive (using 7-Zip on Windows or the `tar` utility on Linux).
2. Connect your device to your PC via USB while holding `Vol Up + Vol Down`. This will get you to download mode.
3. Verify that your PC detects the device. Windows version of Odin has a graphical interface to show that. On Linux, this can be done with `odin4 -l`.
4. Flash the archive you just created onto your device using the AP slot. Hold `Power + Vol Up` as soon as the device reboots to enter recovery.

### Installing ROM

1. Download the latest release of Halcyon.
2. Reboot into recovery mode.
3. Perform a Format data.
4. Return to the main menu.
5. Select Apply update > Apply from ADB.
6. Now you can start sideloading by this command:

```
adb sideload ota-halcyon_m34x-xxxxx.zip
```

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter any issues during or after the installation, feel free to ask to our chat group for solutions to common problems.
