---
slug: /devices/RM6785
pagination_next: null
pagination_prev: null
title: "6/6i(Indian)/6s/7/Narzo/Narzo 20 Pro/Narzo 30 4G (RM6785)*"
---

# Realme 6/6i(Indian)/6s/7/Narzo/Narzo 20 Pro/Narzo 30 4G (RM6785)
:::info
## Device Information

- **Device:** Realme 6/6i(Indian)/6s/7/Narzo/Narzo 20 Pro/Narzo 30 4G
- **Release Date:** March 2020.
- **Chipset:** 	Mediatek Helio G80/G90T/G95 (MT6785)
- **RAM:** 3/4/6/8 GB LPDDR4X
- **Storage:** 64/128 GB (UFS 2.1/eMMC 5.1)
- **Battery:** 4300/4500/5000 mAh Li-Po (non-removable)
- **Display:** 6.5” inch IPS LCD, 90Hz
- **Rear Camera:** 64MP/48MP (wide) / 8MP (ultrawide) / 2MP / 2MP
- **Front Camera:** 16MP (wide)
- **Halcyon Version:** Bloom
- **Maintainer:** rypl.
:::

<a href="https://get.hlcyn.org/builds/RM6785" class="button button--primary">Get builds</a>

## Installation Guide
:::caution
Make sure to backup your data before proceeding.
Firmware of RUI2 is required.
:::

### Fastboot package installation

If you want to install using the Fastboot package, the complete installation guide is available [here](/fastboot-package). Otherwise, you can follow the instructions below to flash via recovery using ADB sideload.

### Installing Recovery
1. Enter fastboot mode by using a key combination `Power + Vol Down`.
2. Connect your device to your PC via USB.
3. Verify that your PC detects the device with `fastboot devices`.
4. Flash the recovery image onto your device using `fastboot flash recovery recovery.img`.
5. Reboot into recovery mode by typing `fastboot reboot recovery` in command line.

### Installing ROM
1. Download the latest release of Halcyon.
2. Reboot into recovery mode.
3. Perform a Format data.
4. Return to the main menu.
5. Select Apply update > Apply from ADB.
6. Now you can start sideloading by this command:
```
adb sideload ota-halcyon_RM6785-xxxxx.zip
```

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter any issues during or after the installation, feel free to ask to our chat group for solutions to common problems.
